# crosslink
A protocol that allows the movement of tokens between chains

<br>
This is a WIP and I do not recommend to use this as is. The reasoning is that this was done as a hackathon entry using a webhook to initiate the redemptions but the webhook has no authentication so this would allow anyone with the address to call it and therefore mint endless tokens on any chain connected. Over the coming weeks I will update this and remove the webhook and replace with a hosted service listener for new events, hook up a database to store events (to see what has already been processed) and use this to initiate the redemption.

<br>
The fee logic also needs some work. Currently its done by someone measuring the gas cost for the redeption function and storing it in the contract with the price of gas. For this reason it is best to take the maximum gas limit for the function when a very large number of tokens are being moved to get the maximum gas it can be - this does penalize people making very small movements. The gas price is also stored in the contract - 30 seems fine most of the time but this can obviously change so there would need to be some sort of listener (centralized) added to this project for gas changes and update the contract accordingly. Because we are actually taking the fee for another chain, we also need to work out how much to take in the other currency and this is done via chainlink - conversion of token a to token b on contract which is then used to convert the gas x gasprice. Because we are then taking fees in another currency we need to have a regular exchange function happening (centralized), this is done via another centralized function that in this code is done by Changelly. Changelly charge a fee of 5% so in addition to the movement fee 5% needs to be added to all fees taken on the contract.

